Epistle of the Apostle Saint Paul to the
Romans
Romans chapter 11
so I must ask
it is possible that God has rejected his
village
of course not
I am also an Israelite descendant of
abraham and the tribe of benjamin
there was no god has not rejected his people
whom he knew beforehand
they do not remember what the
writing about elias when this
Accused Israel before God
Lord they have killed your prophets have
knocked down your altars
I was left alone and they also want
kill me
and what was the answer
I have reserved seven thousand men who do not
they have knelt before evil
the same thing happens now there is a rest
chosen by sheer grace
and I say by grace
and not because they complied otherwise
grace would not be grace
and then what
israel did not find what he was looking for
but if those chosen ones found it
while others hardened says the
writing
god those in protection their eyes do not see and
his ears do not hear to this day and
David says
let their banquets be snares and a snare
a stone where they fall themselves and
find your punishment there
Make your eyes darken and do not see
and that they always walk with their backs
hunched
again I ask
they stumbled and fell to not return to
get up in no way
as a result of its setback the
salvation has been brought to the pagans
and this will be a challenge for them
if the fall of israel was a wealth
for the world
and what they lost enriched the
pagan nations how will it be when israel
reach the fullness
to you who are not Jews I tell you
yes I apostle of the non-Jews
I put so much effort into fulfilling my
job
it's because I want to awaken the jealousy of
my race and so save some of them
if its exclusion has been reconciliation
of the world with god that will mean his
reinstatement
but life resurfaces from among
dead
when the first fruits are consecrated to God
everything is blessed
If the root is holy, so will the
branches
is that some branches have been
cut while you were taken from
a wild olive to graft tea on
the good tree of them benefiting you
so of the root and the sap of the olive tree
do not despise those branches
How can you feel superior? It's not you
the one who holds the root
but it is the root that holds you up
you
will you say maybe
cut the branches to graft miami
very well they did not believe and they were broken
while you are there thanks to the
faith
but do not be proud and watch your
Steps
because if God did not forgive the branches
less natural will still forgive you
notice that God is at once kind and
severe
severe with them who fell and kindly
with you
as long as persevere are the good then
otherwise you too will be cut
as for them
if they do not persist in rejecting the faith
they will be grafted in because God is capable of
graft the again
if you were taken out of the wild olive tree
that was your same species to be
grafted into the good olive tree that was not
of your kind will be much easier for
they who are of the same species
olive
I want brothers who understand this
mystery
and do not feel superior
a part of israel- will stay
hardened
until the set of nations
I have entered
then all Israel will be saved according to
says the writing
decio a will leave the liberator that
will clean Jacob's children of all
its faults
and this is the alliance that I will make with
them after erasing all their
sins
if we look at them from the gospel they
they are enemies
what is for the good of you
but following the choice they are
loved in attention to their parents because
God does not repent of his call nor
of your gifts, well, you who do not
they obeyed God they were forgiven to
through the disobedience of the Jews
they in turn will be forgiven after
of the current disobedience that has
brought forgiveness to you
so God made everyone go through the
disobedience in order to show everyone
his mercy
How deep wisdom is rich
and the science of God as to inquire
decisions or recognize their ways
who never entered into the thoughts
of the lord
whom he called to be his
adviser
who gave him first for God to have
to return it
everything comes from him
for the event and will return to him to be
the glory forever
Amen